To Do Now

To Do Soon
	Turn on source cross reference.
	Should I create a manpage with Doxygen and move command line options to it?
	Maybe use a table for sample bin values? Maybe with only upper bound?
	Get better data for outliers plot and shoot smaller image
	Crop top and bottom pixels out of output explanation figure.
	Insert a graph of cumulative percentage showing knee
	Create a new ReadMe.txt
	Add output examples and tell SLJ stories
	Maybe include some outlier plots in the doc?
	Cite example of BIOS PS/2 emulation causing jitter.
	Maybe get Pete to do a quick doc review?
	Check code with valgrind
	Solicit comments from Steve Ford
	Review files from concentration directory that should come over
	Add assertion checking for negative TSC delta indicating core switch
	Remove beta warning
	Add optional weighting for percent and cumulative percent

To Do Someday
	Collect more example output showing suggested contrasts
		Sprint vs. Marathon

Done
	Create git repository and commit initial versions
	Pull existing ReadMe.txt into rough cut of Doxygen documentation
	Aggregate doc content from Pages
	Figure out why doxygen can't be run from Makefile
	Decide where version number is needed and how it will be set
	Bring over version extraction code from UMERA
	Check for warnings in Doxygen output logs.
	Add Doxygen headers to getopt files.
	Fix references to "concentration" in source sljtest.c
	Fix usage of "low-level" jitter to "system" jitter
	Fix usage of "high-level" jitter to application jitter
	Fix usage of "benchmark" to "test"
	Document everything in source code.
	Add <tt> and </tt> around in-line option references.
	Set up a distribution directory containing version number for archive root.
	Fix Makefile for portable sed -i and clean up resulting Doxygen.bak.
	Allow limited packaging testing when no build hosts available.
	Google for a jitter font and prototype a project logo
	Add a logo to Doxyfile

	Checkpoint before 0.8b release.  For testing in lab.
	Massive changes to doc. Major rewrite.
	Test to see if doc paths break when src is moved. Maybe src at root?
	Maybe use sample output from Keynote file?
	Add image showing no periodic jitter
	Make plans for distributing PDF doc. (Maybe this argues against a separate intro page?)
	Turned separate overview doc into mainpage doc.
	Use \verbatim for sample output
	Incorporate sample output in doc.
	Create a Makefile.dist
	Is there any good place to use tables in doc?
	Insert jitter by layer graphic from Keynote into doc.
	Spell check doc and read aloud
	Add section showing output suggesting better knee and min values.
	Find Dave's comments and incorporate his suggested fixes.
	Google for sljtest before finalizing name
	Research how to do code examples in Doxygen
	Research how to do output examples in Doxygen
	Google for Wikipedia reference to TSC.
	Decide if there should be a separate Makefile for develpment and distribution
	Does Doxygen support copyright? License? Disclaimers? Acknowledgements?

	Write a ReadMe.txt.
	Added doc/sljtest.pdf.
	Test Makefile.dist on all platforms
	Fix a sed portability bug in Makefile
	Add doc section describing a block of timestamps and loop unrolling.
	First guess at development and distribution tree layouts
	Finalize development and distribution tree layouts

	Tweaks for building on Windows with MinGW and packaging in ZIP
	A Windows port
	Add doc section on optimal knee settings and advice auto printed.
	Added build.txt with building instructions.

	Final tweaks before 0.8b release.
	Send a snapshot to David Riddoch for comment

	Initial renaming from SJ Test to SLJ Test, logo stil needs work
